Advanced Questions
------------------

Score Display
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

In brief, the Score Display question type is essentially what it says, a score display. The question type can be used primarily for either tallying a score in an online quiz, or for calculating of financials. A Score Display comes into good use when the Score for each variable or choice in, say, a Multiple Choice question has a value.

Checkbox Grid
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Checkbox grid question type is the newest question addition in FluidSurveys, which is available under a new section labeled, “Advanced Options”. Similar to other grids, you have the same types of options available, such as specifying scores for answers, and forcing variables to be unique. The display options are similar to other grids in FluidSurveys.

N-atrix
^^^^^^^

The N-Atrix Question type allows for any question type to exist on any given row, such as text response, dropdown, checkboxes or radio buttons. A typical use for such a question type, is asking for detailed personal information where the types of questions can range between the available types (Dropdown for title, Text area for Name, or a Checkbox/Radio Button for types of phone numbers, or contact times)

Drill Down
^^^^^^^^^^

3D Matrix
^^^^^^^^^

Similar to the N-Atrix question type, a 3D Matrix question can have different question types within each column. A 3D Matrix question is an amazing source of information when you are trying to get as much information within one question, in so far that the reports generated by responses for a 3D Matrix are broken up into pieces, as seen in the example under section 130.2

Semantic Differential
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

File Upload
^^^^^^^^^^^

Net Promoter
^^^^^^^^^^^^

Hidden Field
^^^^^^^^^^^^
